، I pay vis-a-vis for soldiers' 후z.
Today, I'm going to the Meiji building.
I have heard about the law for the free of war fundamental at Meiji.
It's a congratulatory speech.
These five things are theweekly celebration.
We'll answer to the government for meaning of peace.
Oh, both Kanto and Kanraku are disturbed by China's strong
попробō of martial arts.
We recent Intermediateámese diorama example is
Japan is in the middle of the war.
The one who rules the middle line is the one who rules the country.
The Chosei prefecture has been defeated by the Chosei prefecture in Jisu.
Japan has gained a lot of military power.
It has gained a lot of military power.
The war was fought by the soldiers.
The four people's victory was the only thing that could be done.
The people's gratitude must be given to tens of thousands of soldiers and injured people.
We feel two responsibilities for this sacrifice.
The first is to follow the sacrifice and not forget the purpose of the fight.
The second is to not forget to give back to the family.
Even if we take Shina to the river, the key is in our hands.
But what we really hope for is not the destruction of Shina, but the exchange of Shina.
Japan is not under Shina's control, but under Shina's cooperation.
Japan does not want to be a Shina citizen who wakes up to self-awareness as a Tojo,
and does not want to realize a truly stable and eternal land.